README.md, before:

# PySamplingQuality
_Released under the GNU General Public License version 3 by MikeN12_

The actual version of PySamplingQuality.py is (31.03.17-1). The tool is based on the paper:

        Paper:        Quantitative assessment of molecular dynamics sampling for flexible systems
        Authors:      Mike Nemec and Daniel Hoffmann
        published in: Journal of Chemical Theory and Computation, 2017, 13 (2), pp 400-414
        DOI:          10.1021/acs.jctc.6b00823

v31.03.17

Python tool to assess the sampling quality of Molecular Dynamics (MD) simulations using multiple trajectories

Checked version is released with the following modules:

1. Overlap calculation

        Generate_RMSD_Matrices()
        determineR_using_RMSD_distributions()
        Generate_EventCurves()
        Calc_Overlap()

2. Clustering

        Generate_Clustering()
        Merge_Clustering_different_Thresholds()
        Generate_Centers_GLOBAL_singles()
        Generate_CDE_to_File()
        Generate_Slope_Error()

3. Visualization

        Plot_ClusterProfile()
        Plot_Slope_Error_Plateau_NrClust()
        Plot_Overlap_VS_Threshold()
        Plot_HeatMap_1vs1()
        Plot_HeatMap_as_Dendro()
        Plot_Overlap_VS_Time()
        Plot_Overlap_VS_Cluster()
        Plot_ClusterSize_vs_Time_GLOBAL()

It is possible, to split trajectories into smaller pieces to fit into the memory of the computation node.

A tutorial and description is provided as a JuPyteR notebook __PySamplingQuality\_Tutorial.ipynb__. The tutorial contains the general syntax in two representations, and all necessary parameter descriptions. The corresponding files (configurations, results and plots) are located in __Tutorial/__.

Commit message:

modifying structure         1) first change: Overlap.py                          Misc.Py         2) next changes will come soon usability is the same as before

README.md, after:

# PySamplingQuality
_Released under the GNU General Public License version 3 by MikeN12_

The actual version of PySamplingQuality.py is (16.05.17-1). The tool is based on the paper:

        Paper:        Quantitative assessment of molecular dynamics sampling for flexible systems
        Authors:      Mike Nemec and Daniel Hoffmann
        published in: Journal of Chemical Theory and Computation, 2017, 13 (2), pp 400-414
        DOI:          10.1021/acs.jctc.6b00823

v16.05.17

__NOTE: A major release is prepared to change the structure to a modular representation. The overlap module is already finished. The usability is unchanged.__

Python tool to assess the sampling quality of Molecular Dynamics (MD) simulations using multiple trajectories

Checked version is released with the following modules:

1. Overlap calculation

        Generate_RMSD_Matrices()
        determineR_using_RMSD_distributions()
        Generate_EventCurves()
        Calc_Overlap()

2. Clustering

        Generate_Clustering()
        Merge_Clustering_different_Thresholds()
        Generate_Centers_GLOBAL_singles()
        Generate_CDE_to_File()
        Generate_Slope_Error()

3. Visualization

        Plot_ClusterProfile()
        Plot_Slope_Error_Plateau_NrClust()
        Plot_Overlap_VS_Threshold()
        Plot_HeatMap_1vs1()
        Plot_HeatMap_as_Dendro()
        Plot_Overlap_VS_Time()
        Plot_Overlap_VS_Cluster()
        Plot_ClusterSize_vs_Time_GLOBAL()

It is possible, to split trajectories into smaller pieces to fit into the memory of the computation node.

A tutorial and description is provided as a JuPyteR notebook __PySamplingQuality\_Tutorial.ipynb__. The tutorial contains the general syntax in two representations, and all necessary parameter descriptions. The corresponding files (configurations, results and plots) are located in __Tutorial/__.
